---
layout: post
title:  "Why Kanye West is on my list of idols"
date:   2013-07-07
draft: false
---

Kanye West recenty release his 6th studio album, titled "Yeezus".  And yes, it's
supposed to sound like "Jesus."  At one point in time, the album cover was a
melted Jesus piece:

![melted Jesus piece](/images/yeezus.jpeg)

To my disappointment, that was later changed for an unannounced reason.

Despite being Kanye's most offensive album to date--just listen to *I'm in
It*--I absolutely love the album.  Much like 808s, it's gigantic departure from
his typical lyrical and production style, and people either really love it, or
really hate it.

But enough of the commentary on the album.  This isn't an album review.  You can
go to [Pitchfork](http://www.pitchfork.com) for that.  What I'd like to talk
about is why exactly I idolize 'Ye, despite the terrible image he has managed to
paint of himself through the media.

First off, he simply doesn't give a fuck, and does and says what he wants to.
*Yeezus* is just the latest example of that.  His entire career is founded on
doing things his way, and not being afraid to be different.  He made his break
into the hip-hop scene at a time when the popular thing to do was rap about
gangbanging and drug dealing, and instead released a single that explored,
criticized, while also admitting his own susceptibility to our society's need to
a "baller."  In the same album, he later raps about Christianity, and his
devotion to God.

Kanye is also one of those rarities he can walk just as well as he can talk.  He
doesn't just claim to be the best rapper in the game.  He actually is.  He is
one of the few artists out there is capable of consistently producing albums
that are absolute gold, and worthy of all the acclaim they receive.  It's a
miracle at this point that he has yet to win an Album of the Year award.

Kanye is without a doubt one of the past decade's most memorable and
groundbreaking artists in any genre of music.  There's no doubt about that.  But
what really impresses me about Kanye West is not his musical talent, or his
ability to craft one of the most perfect hip-hop records of all time, but his
dedication to his craft.  Say what you will about the man and his work, but
there is no denying that he works like an absolute maniac.  Just
[listen](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crzHgL-gW_4) to rapper RZA of Wu-Tang
Clan shed some light on the work that went into Kanye's magnum opus, *My
Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy*.  I can't even veg out in front my computer
playing World of Warcraft for 12 hours.  While recording *Watch the Throne* with
Jay-Z--who, if for some reason you didn't know, is a an absolute giant in the
Hip Hop world--Jay was reported to have had disputes with Kanye during
recordings, because Kanye would be unsatisfied with the tracks and insist on
re-recording them.\*  Just imagine if everyone in the world was as obsessed with
their work as Kanye is with his.

\*I'm still trying to find the source for this.
