---
layout: post
title:  "Intro v???"
date:   2013-07-07
---

This is not my first blog.  Neither is this my first "intro" post.

In fact, I'm fairly certain it isn't my fourth or fifth.  My previous attempts
have resulted in blogs that that contained no more than a handful of posts, most
of them made within a week or two followed by permanent inactivity.  As I'm
writing this, I'm wondering if this blog too, will become just another of my
forgotten projects on the internet.

The only "blog" that that I maintained for any extended amount of time was my
old Xanga blog, which also happens to be my first ever blog.  At one point in
time, everyone I knew had them.  What set Xanga apart from my later attempts is
that it had a sort of community built around it--a social network, though not on
the same level that Xanga or Twitter do.  From what I remember, you simply had a
list of "friends", who could read your blog if it was private.  And that I
think, is why I continued to write posts on that stupid (I say stupid because I
really did write some stupid, adoloscent things on there.  Oh god they I'm
cringing as I think about it...) blog is that I knew someone was reading them.
Oh I also forgot to mention, your friends could also "like" your posts, and I'm
certain that was a big reason behind my continued activity--internet points are
a powerful motivator, just take a look at [reddit](reddit.com).

However stupid the contents of my Xanga blog were, I really did enjoy writing
posts for it.  There is something about having some form of medium to dump your
thoughts onto; and I'm finding these days that I have a lot of them.  Despite my
seeming lack of dedication to maintaining a simple blog\*, I love the idea of it
all--coming home, after a long day at work or wild night with friends, or just
anytime something interesting pops into my mind, and having a convenient place
to do a brain dump. So here's to my latest attempt at maintaing a blog, and may
it be better than my previous efforts.

\*maybe I *do* lack dedication.  Who knows....
