---
layout: post
title: Without a phone
date: 2013-09-01
---
My Galaxy Nexus died recently, and rather than attempt to fix it, I figured I
would rather just buy a new phone.  Even if I did manage to repair the stupid
thing, it would honestly be more trouble than it's worth as it's somehow become
the slowest phone known to man: it takes around 10 seconds to get into
Instagram.  To be perfectly honest, it's also an excuse to buy the one phone
I've covetted since the day it came out: the HTC One, which is now finally
available on my carrier (Verizon), after a few long months since its initial
release on other US carriers.

There was however, a little snag; my phone died before the One's release date on
Verizon, so I had no choice but to live a a week without a phone.  To my surprise,
I found it more difficult to be without a smartphone than I thought I would.
I'm not a heavy user by any means--among the few apps I had on my GNexus were
Facebook, Instagram, and reddit is fun, and one or two games I played on
ocassion--but my days were suddently so much more boring without a phone to
entertain myself with.  I have a somewhat lengthy bus commute to and from work
every day, and though I've made do mostly by reading books on my bus
rides--*Lolita* got me a few weird looks from other passengers--sometimes I just
want to listen to music or a podcast after a long day; instead I'm treated to a
mixture of the hum of the bus's engine, the intermittent robotic text-to-speech
sounding voice on the speakers reminding me to "Please give my seat to the
elderly and disabled", and, if I'm unlucky, the annoying, loud chatter of other
passengers.

I was also surprised by how disconnected I felt from the rest of my friends.
Like a lot of people, I no longer use my phone to actually *talk* to people, but
I do do a lot of texting.  With my friends in particular, there's a healthy
amount of back and forth between all of us, and not having a phone meant I was
completely out of the loop the entire week.  It was almost depressing.

My gym sessions have also suffered.  I don't own a dedicated audio player like
an iPod, since I prefer to stream my music one my phone using Spotify, so I no
longer had no music to get me motivated.  it's not like I was suddenly unable to
lift weights, but for me, music plays an important role in getting me pumped up
and push out that extra burst of energy when I need to.  Also I had nothing to
do while I rested between sets!  Truly a tragedy.

I've finally gotten my hands on the One, and so all is well again, but this
experience has been a bit of an eye opener for me.  I never considered myself as
much of a smartphone user, and yet here I was feeling more than a bit lost
without one.  I only had to go through the ordeal for a week though, and it
makes me wonder whether or not I would have adjusted to not having a smartphone
given more time...
