---
layout: post
title:  "Vicodin"
date:   2015-04-09
---

Fifteen minutes ago I took something labeled WATSON 853.  A quick Bing! search will reveal that it is a small white pill containing 325 mg of acetaminophen as well as 10mg of hydrocodone--aka Vicodin aka the good stuff aka the stuff House took.  I will make an effort to describe the effects (of the latter).

To me, the most perceptible of them is that of dizziness and loopiness.  This is what most people would characterize as the “high”, but really at this level (10mg), it’s mild disorientation at best. It’s not overwhelming by any means--I’m sitting as I type this, but I could easily get up and walk about if I needed to, albeit with a smidge more effort than normal.  I don’t doubt that two or three of these little things and I would not be in any capacity to write this and getting up from my seat would be out of the question.

The next is numbness and tingly sensations in my limbs, especially in my arms.  They also feel a bit warmer.

Last, I feel quite sleepy.

Oh let’s not forget, tomorrow I will probably be constipated.  House must have had some crazy laxatives because vicodin-induced constipation is no joke, son.

The effects on the pain are marginal at best for me, and honestly, I see it more as a sleep aid than something to help with the pain.

*In case you’re wondering, I’m taking them because I had my three remaining wisdom teeth extracted, which is probably how most people come to experience Vicodin for the first time.
