---
layout: post
title:  "Odd Jobs"
date:   2015-04-18
---
Lately, I’ve been very focused on my career as a developer, preparing for interviews and working on personal projects, and honestly, it has been a blast. Sometimes though, like a Craigslist missed connection ad, I start thinking about other things that could’ve been, other forks in the road I might have taken. Would I be happier?  More fulfilled?  I love being a software developer, but I can’t help but think that I’d also love being other things as well. I wish I could double my lifespan so that at 80, I could head back to school and get a medical degree, or become a journalist.

When I was younger, I knew that I would eventually end up in some type of “respectable” office job not because I knew I wanted to be a developer, but because it’s what my parents wanted for me. Before that happened, however, I told myself I would hold a series of odd jobs because I felt that once I did get that “respectable” office job, there would be no turning back–kind of like how most girls want to date around before they settle down, except with less risk of getting pregnant. It would be my own brand of the experimental phase.  The first ones that come to mind are (in no particular order):

-   **Driver of the ZipMobile**

    If you have one of these in your city, then you already know what I’m talking about. For those who don’t, it’s a bus-sized vehicle that moves large concrete blocks to section off a lane on or two on the freeway. The blocks are strung together with metal links, resembling a zipper’s teeth.

-   **Farmhand**

    Livestock is fine, but I have this overly romantic image of being out in fields, apple trees stretching forever in every direction, and me and group of other pickers like me slowly and methodically working our way from tree to tree, carefully gathering apples in baskets. I doubt that’s how most farms harvest their apples these days, but that’s how it goes in my mind damn it. Or if you’ve seen Jet Li’s 2006 film Fearless, I could also picture myself slowly planting rice, stopping only to fully appreciate the refreshing, gentle breeze that inevitably rolls through. Yeah, that’s it.

-   **Cook**

    I have always loved food, so why not?  My interest only grew after reading Anthony Bourdain’s excellent memoir Kitchen Confidential.  Something is very appealing about the idea of showing up to work and doing it well, then getting sloshed into the early morning only to go through the cycle again in a few hours.  Except I could do without the drug abuse part.

-   **Teacher**

    I feel like I would be a great teacher. Of course I’m sure most people feel that way, even if they end up sucking. Maybe when I’m much older I probably will teach, at least half the time, devoting the other half to expounding deep and profound life lessons I will surely have learned by then.

-   **Laborer**

    For similar reasons as a farmhand. I expend a lot of mental energy daily and it’d be a nice change to expend a lot of physical energy instead.  Also, as a bonus, get jacked while you work!

-   **Commercial Jet Pilot**

    Because what adolescent boy doesn’t end up wanting to fly a plane at one point in their life?  Flight offered the idea of freedom, adventure, excitement; things any kid would covet.  And you know what?  It still does.

-   **Taste Tester**

    I forgot to mention above that I was a very fat adolescent boy. On the couch, the Food Network was the first channel I turned to.  My idea of fun was a huge bowl of spaghetti or a giant plate of bacon.  Any excuse to eat was a good one as far as I was concerned. As a taste tester, I could hide behind the fact that it was an obligation, a duty to stuff my face.  Something along the lines of “I have to eat this, it’s my job mmmmm.”

-   **Geek Squad**

    Just kidding.

I want to have my cake and eat it too. Then I’ll have another.

<p style="font-size: 10px">*Thanks to my amazing best friend Eljean for editing this mess.</p>
